Write a rough draft of README.md (#11)
pbelokon/termionus: README.md

> # termionus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `termionus`
```

We are will eventually create a logo but for now you can look at this >\_

> ## What is termionus?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is `termionus`?
```

This is to style it as a monospaced font.

> termionus is an open source terminal emulator for all operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`termionus` is an open source terminal emulator for all operating systems.
```

> termionus is an open source terminal emulator for all operating systems.

Reviewer: I think "all operating systems" might be too over-promising.

Let's mention for now that it can be run on Windows and Linux.

```suggestion
termionus is an open source terminal emulator for Windows and Linux operating systems.
```

> The main focus of termionus is to provide great user experience for people who
> are tired of slaw and underdeveloped terminals that are maid to work and not to be enjoyed.

Reviewer: I wouldn't want to describe `termionus` as the "ultimate solution" to the available terminal emulators on the market, as it sounds too rude and unprofessional. Let's go with a more neutral response:

```suggestion
The main focus of `termionus` is to provide great user experience for developers, as well as provide a good support for several types of programs and available shells.
```

## Project status

> termionus is in a very beginning of the development. This stage can also be described as preparation of the the ground before planting a seed 🌱.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`termionus` is in the very beginning of development. This stage can also be considered as the preparation of the soil before planting the seed 🌱.
```

## How this project started

> This project came out spontaneously. Initially me([Pavel Belokon](https://github.com/pbelokon)) and my best friend [Gerardo Enrique Arriaga Rendon](https://github.com/JerryHue), planed to work on a Plain Text editor but we never could start! "Usually what happens to a lot of projects😐". One day after my friend got tired of using
> horrible terminal emulators he sought why not create my own. He brought this idea to me and it sounded more interesting the a text editor, so we scraped all other unstarted projects we had, and started serous on this one. A quote that describes everything "If you don't like something make your own"!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project came out spontaneously. Initially me ([Pavel Belokon](https://github.com/pbelokon)) and my best friend, [Gerardo Enrique Arriaga Rendon](https://github.com/JerryHue), planned to work on a plain text editor, yet we never started it! As it usually happens with a lot of projects 😐. One day after my friend got tired of using
and trying terminal emulators that did not meet his needs, he thought, "why not create my own?" He mentioned his idea to me, and it sounded more interesting than a text editor, so we scrapped all the other projects we had planned, and started for real on this one. A quote that describes this project very well:

     If you don't like something make it yourself! 
     - Anonymous
```

## Who built it?

> termionus was created in the begging of spring of 2022 by two friends [Gerardo Enrique Arriaga Rendon](https://github.com/JerryHue) and [Pavel Belokon](https://github.com/pbelokon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`termionus` started development in the beginning of spring, 2022, by two programmers: [Gerardo Enrique Arriaga Rendon](https://github.com/JerryHue) and [Pavel Belokon](https://github.com/pbelokon).
```

# `termionus`

> We are will eventually create a logo but for now you can look at this >\_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will eventually create a logo but for now you can look at this `>\_`.
```

## What is `termionus`?

> `termionus` is an open source terminal emulator for all operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`termionus` is an open source terminal emulator for Windows and Linux operating systems.
```
